1. Hadith on Intentions

Text: "The reward of deeds depends upon the intentions and every person will get the reward according to what he has intended."

Source: Sahih al-Bukhari 1

Topic: Intention (Niyyah)

2. Hadith on the Five Pillars

Text: "Islam is based on five (principles): To testify that none has the right to be worshipped but Allah and Muhammad is Allah's Messenger; to offer the compulsory prayers; to pay Zakat; to perform Hajj; and to fast during the month of Ramadan."

Source: Sahih al-Bukhari 8

Topic: Pillars of Islam

3. Hadith on Good Character (Scale)

Text: "Nothing is heavier on the Scale of Deeds than a good character."

Source: Sahih al-Bukhari 6035

Topic: Character, Judgement Day

4. Hadith on Love for Others

Text: "None of you will have faith till he wishes for his brother what he likes for himself."

Source: Sahih al-Bukhari 13

Topic: Faith, Brotherhood, Empathy

5. Hadith on Seeking Knowledge

Text: "Whoever takes a path upon which he seeks knowledge, then Allah makes a path to Paradise easy for him."

Source: Sahih Muslim 2699

Topic: Knowledge, Paradise

6. Hadith on Being a Good Neighbor

Text: "He is not a believer who eats his fill while his neighbor remains hungry by his side."

Source: Al-Adab Al-Mufrad 112

Topic: Neighbor's Rights, Social Responsibility

7. Hadith on Mercy to Creation

Text: "Those who show no mercy will receive no mercy from Allah."

Source: Sahih Muslim 2318

Topic: Mercy, Compassion

8. Hadith on The Best Among You

Text: "The best among you are those who have the best manners and character."

Source: Sahih al-Bukhari 6035

Topic: Character, Excellence

9. Hadith on Ease in Religion

Text: "Make things easy and do not make them difficult, and give good tidings and do not make people turn away."

Source: Sahih al-Bukhari 6125

Topic: Propagation, Ease, Guidance

10. Hadith on Allah’s Mercy (Qudsi)

Text: "Allah (SWT) said: 'My mercy has preceded My wrath.'"

Source: Sahih Muslim 2751

Topic: Divine Mercy, God's Attributes